Will Davis, for example, strong advocate of
community in Austin. Will's going to run again.
He'll probably get elected. If we get enough
people like Will Davis on there, and one thing I
think is probably, going to help us is this whole
area of at-risk use dropout prevention the
latchkey child the whole thing of drug and sex
education the the terminal of alternative
schools fits in very nicely for community ed to be a
delivery system for part or all of some of these new
mandated required programs i think if we can if we
can convince these legislators that community
education is the logical delivery system of a lot
of these support programs that are now mandated by
law for local school districts to implement, I
think that's going to be our key to the next big wave
of new projects in community education. It's
going to be a heavy involvement and integration of
the K-12 program and some of those sustaining
programs that deal with the real critical issues
of dropout prevention, the latch key thing, the
tutorials, the drug abuse, the teenage
pregnancies. I think community education is just
a natural extension of the school day that can
provide the programs and services needed to if not
prevent at least turn around or make more people
aware of the alternatives that hopefully will
slow and eventually stop the tremendous numbers
that we're losing to dropouts, to the pregnancy
things, to people addicted to drugs and the whole
cycle. The Secretary of State in a meeting
yesterday mentioned the fact that we're not
getting enough of the federal funds that are out
there, that Texas is really way down. on the scale
of federal funds. Are there not a lot of federal
funds available for these kinds of things that
community ed, for example, could? I know they're
already getting some. I've heard of some
recently, like these programs for single parent
and so forth. Are they encouraged or directors
encouraged to actively pursue those? That's
probably going to be an alternative source of
funding that once the need is really adequately
addressed by local school districts and the state
puts primary responsibility of the local
district to pick up and fund these and at the same
time these local school districts know the
availability of selected federal funds to offset
some of the cost to the local school district I
think we're going to see a much higher level of
activity by local school districts writing for
and receiving these federal grants and in part of
the administrative costs to administer these
programs will also serve a dual purpose of writing
of covering some of the administrative costs of
the community education programs. So I think that
is something positive. And I think in the future
those funds are only going to increase with the
federal government. I think we'll see a new wave of
support for education with the new presidential
platform and policies of the next administration
for the next four to eight years. I think education
is going to be on the forefront. I think a result of
that is going to be a lot more federal dollars again
flowing to local states and the local school
districts. Unlike the Reagan years when he tried
to turn it over to the local states, most states And
I think the new wave of federal government is going
to be to, in selected areas, increase the funding
and assist local states and school districts to
provide services to kids. Okay. All right.
Anything in closing that you would like to wrap up
with? You've given me a lot of very, very good
insights, and I appreciate it. Any anecdote or
anything that you would like to wrap this? No, I
just think probably the legislature...
for the morale of the university faculties by the
generous raises that were afforded faculties at
state universities and colleges that just kind of
made a, recommitted the legislature,
recommitted itself to quality education and the
importance of higher education. And it was
demonstrated not only verbally but financially
to university professors to the extent of 10, 11%
increase this year with the promise of another 10,
11% of growth next year. And when faculty members
feel that they're not only appreciated but are
financially rewarded for their services, it just
tends to bring the best out of the faculty. And they
tend to work more tireless toward the end of
providing quality education. And I think that
probably single act over the last 12 months will
carry us well into the 1990s as far as showing
intent. to support a high quality education by
maintaining the highest quality faculty that
money can buy and then rewarding that faculty once
they have demonstrated quality service by giving
them adequate financial rewards so they don't
have to seek those financial rewards in the
private sector. Very good. Dr. Stark, I thank you
very, very much and I hope you let me come back and
ask you questions as this develops and I try to
analyze all of the data. Thank you and thank you for
being here.